<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
# terraform-azurerm-avm-ptn-aiml-landing-zone

This pattern module creates the full AI/ML landing zone which supports multiple ai project scenarios.

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD033 -->
## Requirements

The following requirements are needed by this module:

- <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) (>= 1.9, < 2.0)

- <a name="requirement_azurerm"></a> [azurerm](#requirement\_azurerm) (>= 3.116, < 5.0)

## Resources

The following resources are used by this module:

- [azurerm_bastion_host.bastion](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/bastion_host) (resource)
- [azurerm_public_ip.bastionpip](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/public_ip) (resource)
- [azurerm_resource_group.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/resource_group) (resource)
- [random_string.name_suffix](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/random/latest/docs/resources/string) (resource)
- [azurerm_client_config.current](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/data-sources/client_config) (data source)
- [azurerm_subscription.current](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/data-sources/subscription) (data source)

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD013 -->
## Required Inputs

The following input variables are required:

### <a name="input_location"></a> [location](#input\_location)

Description: Azure region where all resources should be deployed.

This specifies the primary Azure region for deploying the AI/ML landing zone infrastructure. All resources will be created in this region unless specifically configured otherwise in individual resource definitions.

Type: `string`

### <a name="input_resource_group_name"></a> [resource\_group\_name](#input\_resource\_group\_name)

Description: The name of the resource group where all resources will be deployed.

This resource group will contain all the AI/ML landing zone infrastructure components. The resource group should already exist or will be created as part of the deployment process.

Type: `string`

### <a name="input_vnet_definition"></a> [vnet\_definition](#input\_vnet\_definition)

Description: Configuration object for the Virtual Network (VNet) to be deployed.

- `name` - (Optional) The name of the Virtual Network. If not provided, a name will be generated.
- `address_space` - (Required) The address space for the Virtual Network in CIDR notation.
- `ddos_protection_plan_resource_id` - (Optional) Resource ID of the DDoS Protection Plan to associate with the VNet.
- `dns_servers` - (Optional) Set of custom DNS server IP addresses for the VNet.
- `subnets` - (Optional) Map of subnet configurations. The map key is deliberately arbitrary to avoid issues where map keys may be unknown at plan time.
  - `enabled` - (Optional) Whether the subnet is enabled. Default is true.
  - `name` - (Optional) The name of the subnet. If not provided, a name will be generated.
  - `address_prefix` - (Optional) The address prefix for the subnet in CIDR notation.
- `peer_vnet_resource_id` - (Optional) Resource ID of a VNet to peer with this VNet.

Type:

```hcl
object({
    name          = optional(string)
    address_space = string
  })
```

## Optional Inputs

The following input variables are optional (have default values):

### <a name="input_buildvm_definition"></a> [buildvm\_definition](#input\_buildvm\_definition)

Description: Configuration object for the Build VM to be created for managing the implementation services.

- `name` - (Optional) The name of the Build VM. If not provided, a name will be generated.
- `sku` - (Optional) The VM size/SKU for the Build VM. Default is "Standard\_B2s".
- `tags` - (Optional) Map of tags to assign to the Build VM.
- `enable_telemetry` - (Optional) Whether telemetry is enabled for the Build VM module. Default is true.

Type:

```hcl
object({
    name             = optional(string)
    sku              = optional(string, "Standard_B2s")
    tags             = optional(map(string), {})
    enable_telemetry = optional(bool, true)
  })
```

Default: `{}`

### <a name="input_enable_telemetry"></a> [enable\_telemetry](#input\_enable\_telemetry)

Description: This variable controls whether or not telemetry is enabled for the module.  
For more information see <https://aka.ms/avm/telemetryinfo>.  
If it is set to false, then no telemetry will be collected.

Type: `bool`

Default: `true`

### <a name="input_name_prefix"></a> [name\_prefix](#input\_name\_prefix)

Description: Optional prefix to be used for naming resources.

This prefix will be applied to all resource names generated by the module. It is useful for ensuring consistent naming conventions across deployments without requiring explicit names for each resource. The prefix should be kept under 10 characters and use only alphanumeric lowercase characters to avoid Azure naming limitations.

Type: `string`

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_tags"></a> [tags](#input\_tags)

Description: Map of tags to be assigned to all resources created by this module.

Tags are key-value pairs that help organize and manage Azure resources. These tags will be applied to all resources created by the module, enabling consistent resource governance, cost tracking, and operational management across the AI/ML landing zone infrastructure.

Type: `map(string)`

Default: `null`

## Outputs

The following outputs are exported:

### <a name="output_resource_id"></a> [resource\_id](#output\_resource\_id)

Description: Future resource ID output for the LZA.

## Modules

The following Modules are called:

### <a name="module_ai_lz_vnet"></a> [ai\_lz\_vnet](#module\_ai\_lz\_vnet)

Source: Azure/avm-res-network-virtualnetwork/azurerm

Version: =0.7.1

### <a name="module_avm_res_keyvault_vault"></a> [avm\_res\_keyvault\_vault](#module\_avm\_res\_keyvault\_vault)

Source: Azure/avm-res-keyvault-vault/azurerm

Version: =0.10.0

### <a name="module_avm_utl_regions"></a> [avm\_utl\_regions](#module\_avm\_utl\_regions)

Source: Azure/avm-utl-regions/azurerm

Version: 0.5.2

### <a name="module_buildvm"></a> [buildvm](#module\_buildvm)

Source: Azure/avm-res-compute-virtualmachine/azurerm

Version: 0.19.3

### <a name="module_natgateway"></a> [natgateway](#module\_natgateway)

Source: Azure/avm-res-network-natgateway/azurerm

Version: 0.2.1

<!-- markdownlint-disable-next-line MD041 -->
## Data Collection

The software may collect information about you and your use of the software and send it to Microsoft. Microsoft may use this information to provide services and improve our products and services. You may turn off the telemetry as described in the repository. There are also some features in the software that may enable you and Microsoft to collect data from users of your applications. If you use these features, you must comply with applicable law, including providing appropriate notices to users of your applications together with a copy of Microsoft’s privacy statement. Our privacy statement is located at <https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=824704>. You can learn more about data collection and use in the help documentation and our privacy statement. Your use of the software operates as your consent to these practices.
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->